[ADD] Starshipit as a delivery provider (#7798)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/starshipit_shipping.rst

Once logged into the Starshipit account, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> Pickup address`,
and fill in the field for :guilabel:`Pickup address`. It should be the same address as the
warehouse you are shipping from.

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-settings-address.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding addresses in the Starshipit settings.

Couriers configuration
----------------------

Next, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> Couriers`,
and add the :guilabel:`Couriers` you wish to integrate with.

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-settings-couriers.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding addresses in the Starshipit settings.

.. tip::
   You can find details on how to integrate with the different couriers in
   `Starshipit's support center <https://support.starshipit.com/hc/en-us/>`_.

Couriers services configuration
-------------------------------

In the checkout rates settings, you will need to set which courier services you want to provide in
Odoo.

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-checkout-rate.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Checkout rates in the Starshipit settings.

Shipping rules configuration
----------------------------

> Finally, you will need to configure shipping rules in Starshipit. These are used when placing a
> shipping order to set the correct courier on your order. There are multiple ways to do so. We
> recommend adding a rule with the condition being ":guilabel:`contains`", the value being
> ":guilabel:`the product code`", and the action "setting that product code and courier" to the
> shipping order.

Reviewer: I wanted to help add some additional details about what a shipping rule does and how it's used, for beginners who don't really understand why this is necessary (:
```suggestion
Configure shipping rules to assign the correct shipping methods to orders based on specific
conditions.

To create a rule, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Rules` and click :guilabel:`Add a new rule`.

While there are multiple ways to configure rules, it is recommended to set:

#. :guilabel:`Condition` to :guilabel:`Contains`
#. :guilabel:`Value` to the `product code`
#. :guilabel:`Action` to :guilabel:`Set Courier & Product Code`
```

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-rules.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Shipping rules in the Starshipit settings.

> 

Reviewer: Adding an anchor so we can link to this section later, when we need to fill out the API key in Odoo

```suggestion

.. _inventory/shipping_receiving/star-api:

```

Finding Starshipit API credentials
----------------------------------

In your Starshipit account, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> API` in the side menu.
There, you can find the API keys you will need to connect to Odoo.

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-settings-api.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Finding the Starshipit API keys.

Setup in Odoo
=============

Install the Starshipit shipping module
--------------------------------------

After the Starshipit account is set up and configured, it's time to configure the Odoo database.
To get started, go to Odoo's :guilabel:`Apps` module,  search for the :guilabel:`Starshipit

> Shipping` integration, and install it.

Reviewer: I couldn't find Starshipit module in the 17.0 or master runbot.

![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/a5a4aad8-aa95-4ef6-b3b2-5acc37bdb84a)

Am I searching for it properly?

Author: Hello! The module is on a pull request linked to this one so that both get released at the same time.
https://58697424-17-0-all.runbot114.odoo.com/web#id=21&cids=6&menu_id=1170&action=1482&model=delivery.carrier&view_type=form

Here you can find a runbot with the app installed.
To ease your test, I went and created a starshipit shipping method with our test API keys.
The AU Company, and the partner Deco Addict have been set up with addresses that are correct to be used for testing.
I recommend keeping sendle drop off as shipping service as it's easier for me to cancel orders afterward :)

Just let me know when you are done.
Thanks!

Author: Also if you need access to the starshipit website to check there too, let me know and I'll share the credentials with you on discord :smile:

Reviewer: Thank you so much for getting back to me so quickly!

Author: @Felicious Thank you for the review! I will be working with our Australian colleagues during the day to address your comments and most likely ask for another review afterward :pray:

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-app.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Starshipit Shipping module in the Odoo Apps module.

Starshipit shipping connector configuration
-------------------------------------------

Once installed, activate the :guilabel:`Starshipit Shipping` module in :menuselection:`Inventory -->
Configuration --> Settings`. The :guilabel:`Starshipit Connector` setting is found under the
:guilabel:`Shipping Connectors` section.

After activating the :guilabel:`Starshipit Connector`, click on the :guilabel:`Starshipit Shipping
Methods` link below the listed connector. Once on the :guilabel:`Shipping Methods` page, click
:guilabel:`Create`.

.. tip::
   :guilabel:`Shipping Methods` can also be accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
   Configuration --> Delivery --> Shipping Methods`.

Fill out the following fields in the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form:

- :guilabel:`Shipping Method`: type `Starshipit`.
- :guilabel:`Provider`: select :guilabel:`Starshipit` from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Product`: set the product that was configured for this shipping method or
  create a new product.

> - In the :guilabel:`Starshipit Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Default Package Type`
>   if you are going to use packages during shipping in order to get more accurate rates.
>   The packages system may be enabled in the Odoo settings.
> - In the :guilabel:`Starshipit Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Origin Address`.
>   It will be used as sending address when getting available services for your integration.
> - In the :guilabel:`Starshipit Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Starshipit API Key`.
> - In the :guilabel:`Starshipit Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Starshipit Subscription Key`

Reviewer: Reordered the items in this bulleted list to match the order in which they appear on the form in Odoo
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Starshipit Configuration` tab, fill out these fields:

- :guilabel:`Starshipit API Key`: enter the :abbr:`API (Application Programming Interface)` key
  :ref:`obtained from Starshipit <inventory/shipping_receiving/star-api>`.
- :guilabel:`Starshipit Subscription Key`: enter the subscription key obtained from the same place
  as the :ref:`API key <inventory/shipping_receiving/star-api>`.
- :guilabel:`Origin Address`: Enter the address where products are shipped from. This field is
   crucial for calculating shipping rates and :ref:`generating shipping labels
   <inventory/shipping_receiving/star-label>`.
- :guilabel:`Default Package Type`: Set a default package type to include the weight of the empty
   package when automatically calculating shipping rates.

.. important::
   To set a default package type, the *Packages* feature **must** be enabled in
   :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`.
```

  .
- Manually :guilabel:`Save` the form by clicking the cloud icon next to the :guilabel:`Shipping
  Methods / New` breadcrumbs.

> After configuring and saving the form, follow these steps to load the shipping products:
> 
> - In the :guilabel:`Starshipit Configuration` tab of the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form, click
>   on the :guilabel:`Select a service linked to your Starshipit account` link.
> - Select the shipping service to be used for deliveries and returns.
> - Click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Reviewer: Totally personal preference, but we can go into more detail describing the pop-up window
```suggestion
To load the newly configured shipping products, click the :guilabel:`Select a service linked to your
Starshipit account` link at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Starshipit Configuration` tab.

Doing so opens the :guilabel:`Choose Starshipit Shipping Service` pop-up window. In the
:guilabel:`Delivery Service` field, choose the desired shipping service for deliveries and returns
from the drop-down menu. Finally, click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

The chosen delivery service will populate in the :guilabel:`Service Name` field.

```

.. example::
   Sample of a Starshipit shipping product configured in Odoo:

>    | :guilabel:`Sendle: Sendle drop off`

Reviewer: What is Sendle? Is it a well-known delivery service?

Author: Just one of the shipping carrier in Australia that is available in Starshipit.
As it was the easiest to set up for testing we used it a lot, so I just used it as an example.

   | :guilabel:`Shipping Product`: `Sendle Delivery`
   | :guilabel:`Starshipit Service Code`: `STANDARD-DROPOFF`

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-configuration.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of shipping products configured in Odoo.

.. tip::
   Starshipit does not provide test keys when a company tests the sending of a package in Odoo. This
   means that if a package is created, your account may be charged.

   Odoo has a built-in layer of protection against unwanted charges when using test environments.
   Within a test environment, if a shipping method is used to create labels, then those labels are

>    immediately canceled after creation — this occurs automatically. Please note that depending
>    on the shipping provider being used, charges may still occur and you may need to cancel your
>    orders on the provider platform. The test and production environment settings can be toggled back
>    and forth from the :guilabel:`Smart Buttons`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   immediately canceled after creation — this occurs automatically. Please note that depending on
   the shipping provider being used, charges may still occur and you may need to cancel your orders
   on the provider platform.
   
   Switch between the test and production environment by clicking the :guilabel:`Environment` smart
   button at the top of the shipping method form.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. _inventory/shipping_receiving/star-label:

```

Generate a label with Starshipit
--------------------------------

> When creating a quotation in Odoo, add shipping and a :guilabel:`Starshipit shipping method`.
> You can get the shipping rate at this point by clicking :guilabel:`Get rate`.
> Odoo's sales apps are fully integrated and our module also works on eCommerce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a quotation in Odoo, add the Starshipit shipping method by clicking the :guilabel:`Add
shipping` button.

In the :guilabel:`Add a shipping method` pop-up window, select Starshipit in the :guilabel:`Shipping
Method` field.

Calculate the shipping rate by clicking :guilabel:`Get rate`.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Add` to include the cost of shipping to the sales order line, labeled as
the *delivery product*.

.. note::
   Automatically calculate shipping costs for Starshipit in **both** Odoo *Sales* and *eCommerce*
   applications.
```

Then, :guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents are automatically generated in the
chatter, which includes the following:

#. :guilabel:`Shipping label(s)` depending on the number of packages.
#. :guilabel:`Tracking number(s)` if the selected carrier supports it.
#. :guilabel:`Return label(s)` if the Starshipit connector is configured for returns.

.. image:: starshipit_shipping/starshipit-shipping.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of a shipped order in Odoo.

.. important::

>    The package's weight is not automatically verified before sending goods to the shipping provider.
>    Please make sure that you select the correct shipping option for your package, otherwise you
>    may end up with an error.
>    Starshipit verifies the destination address during the order creation too, so make sure it is
>    correct as well.
>    Finally, some couriers may required other information, such as an email address or phone number.
>    Please ensure that all necessary information are set upon sending a shipping order.

Reviewer: Slight rewrite and add blank spaces between paragraphs to separate them visually.
```suggestion
   Package weight in Odoo is calculated by adding the weights of the products plus the empty package
   saved in the database. Ensure the correct shipping option is selected, as the package weight is
   not automatically verified.

   Verify the destination address, as Starshipit checks it when the order is created.

   Finally, some couriers may require other information, such as an email address or phone number.
   Please ensure that all necessary information are set upon sending a shipping order.
```

Returns
-------

Starshipit supports returns if you are using one of the following couriers:
 * Australia Post eParcel
 * TNT
 * Couriers Please
 * Aramex
 * StarTrack
 * DHL Express
 * NZ Post Domestic

> This can be done by pressing the :guilabel:`Return` smart button on the concerned delivery order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by pressing the :guilabel:`Return` smart button on the intended delivery order.
```
